Let's start with the confirmation dialog here and edit product screen we can simply import the alert
API from React Native which allows us to show an ice alert and then add a new method here maybe we could
all do it in line but to have a little bit more structured code where I have my delete handler.
By the way how you name your functions is totally up to you I just like this handler naming here if
I assign that to my event emitters into J as X code so to say and then there we can call alert dot alert
to show an alert with the title of.
Are you sure.
Message do you really want to delete this item.
And then an array with all the buttons we want to present.
Where to button no one has a text of no and a style of default.
There are only free default styles or reconfigure styles you can choose from and no special handler
on this first button.
Second Button has yes there.
I want to have a style of destructive to mark this as hate.
This will delete something and to on press handler here is Dan in the end holding a function that will
really dispatch to delete action.
So now it's the delete handler which I want to execute when we click on that delete button and therefore
of course I'm in the wrong component I just saw.
Let's cut this.
It's not inside of the edit product screen.
We don't need the alert import there.
It's the user products screen I'm talking about there we need to import alert there we should add this
handler and now the delete handler should be assigned to this delete button here.
So here we can just pointed to the lead handler and this anonymous function can be cut from down there
and can be moved here and replaced this on press handler for this button and now with Dad we should
get this pop up as confirmation dialog before we actually delete something.
So if I click on The Lead now I'm asking if I press.
No.
Nothing happens only for click.
Yes we delete this tiny mistake of course.
Is that the item data we need.
Needs to be available.
So here we forward the idea we want to delete.
So actually for the delete handler we need the idea of the product we're applying this handler to.
So that here I have that idea weight label and that means that when the delete handler is called down
there we need to make sure it gets the idea.
So there are two ways of doing that.
An anonymous function in which we execute delete handler manually and forward item data dot item dot
I.D. or alternative to that pass and delete handler like this but use bind to reconfigure any arguments
dysfunctional get bind always needs value for the this keyword inside of the function will execute there
we can just pass this it does not matter.
But the second argument now is the first argument to delete handler will get.
So here we pass item data dot item dot I.D. now with dad make sure that we can actually press yes and
it will work if we now go back here to admin click delete press yes.
This now really works and if we press know nothing happens yes deletes it.
So that's the first thing.
And to make sure that we navigate back if we save this now we need to go to the edit product screen
and there in our submit handler no matter if we dispatch to update or create product action in the end.
I want to all the code props navigation go back to go back to the previous screen and we now save this
and we go to the admin screen and I do for now submit an empty product
I of course get a warning but this generally works this going back and if I edit a product does all
the works.
So now with this we're done regarding all that input management.
The remaining thing I now want to do before I really finish all of this up is to now I want to optimize
the product item a little bit more.
And the way we're reusing our card look here with the shadow and so on because we're using that in multiple
components.
And if you find yourself using something in multiple components you might always want to think about
whether you can optimize does a bit more.
And indeed here we have optimization potential.
So how can we optimized as though.
Well we could create a separate component here in our UI folder of the components folder which we name
card J.S. where we just store discard look in a card component can be a very simple component in the
end we import react from react here because we need to create a component and we import a view from
react native just like that and now here we create our card component where we simply get our props.
Return some J is X and export this component in the end though we'll also need to set up some styling
because that's the core idea behind this component.
It's all about giving us some reconfigured styles so I'll also add my styles constant with style sheet
dot create.
Down there and now what is the J is X what I want to return here.
Well that's a view a view which will actually wrap whatever we pass in there.
So between the tags of my component so just props children in there.
But now that view can get some default styling here which will named card and Dad should be the styles
with which Abra Y's copy around.
So here are my card style in this card component is exactly what I have here the product item it's does
shadows stuff here.
The elevation the border radius and the background color you can cut all of that and move it into the
card here.
Now to still be able to configure it as a bit I'll actually enhance this and set style to an object
where I merge in my styles card values and any values I get on the style prop here like this.
So now we can even set a style problem we use our card and pass in our own styles that will be merged
together with these default cards styles because this now allows me to use the card here and a product
item for example by importing card from now up one level into the UI folder into the card file and replace
this view here.
Is our view with card.
And of course then for all to replace the closing tag and still parsing my product specifics to alter
here.
So this and the margin this will be merged with the average card looks and everything between the opening
and closing tax of card will just work.
I passed as into my card here with the help of props.
Children notice same for the order item there.
We just need to import card from and now go into the UI folder to card here.
And then use card instead of that view that our view here.
Replace it with a card and get rid of these card styles here.
The shadow stuff the elevation border radius and background color and only keep the special stylus you
want to merge in and now the last thing the last place where we can use this is the card screen there.
I also have my summary which uses these card styles.
Well again we can import the card component from the components folder.
The UI folder there in there from the card J.S. file and now use the card component instead of view
in the place where we want these card styles.
So here that would be the view which had the summary styles.
I'll replace this with card and down at the summary styles.
We keep everything that specific to this screen or to this component but we can't get rid of the shadow
color had a radius elevation border radius background color that can all be removed.
Now let's save that and you will see that of course the app still works and looks the same way as it
did before.
If I add this to the card for example that ordered this and I have a look at my orders it all looks
the way it did before but now it does so with a little bit of a more optimal code where we actually
reuse our styles and have a separate presentational component for them.
So did our Robert components can be a bit leaner and we don't repeat ourselves as often when setting
up the card look and no advantages that we can't miss type if we set schedule radius to eight and one
component and 10 in a number then our app might look slightly inconsistent.
We are white this by having some central styling focused components which set up these core styles which
we then use in our components as we're doing it here.